released 3/29/99 - Version 1.0

Model name: Squad

Author: NSi [ nsi@artmaze.com ]

Model homepage: http://www.artmaze.com/nsi

Installation: Make a folder in Sierra\Half-life\valve\models\player named "Squad" (without quotes). Copy all files contained in this Zip into it (Squad.mdl, Squad.bmp, Squad.txt)

------------------------------------------------------------
Construction
	
	Poly count: 568 tris

	Skins: 1 DM_base with team coloring (2 colors) - (86K)

	Animation: Valve animations

Programs used

	Basic mesh: Lightwave 5.6

	Skinning, boning and mesh detailing: 3D Studio Max R2.5

	Texture: Photoshop 5.0, Debabelizer Pro 3.0
	
	Compiling: StudioMDL
	
	Previewing: MDLviewe.exe 1.11 by Valve / Otis


About the model:

Squad is the nickname given by Silencers SpecOps officers to the color coded armor suits used for training and squad-based missions where teamwork is critical and standard issue camouflaged armor is not necessary.
Silencers are special assault soldiers of the secret Lambda SpecOps Unit. Fitted with light body armor, Silencer Squads are only deployed when the there's a code 5 emergency, a state which came into activation when physics officer Gordon Freeman dissapeared and alien soldiers started a heavy invation through all of Black Mesa's remaining teleporters.
They have a Lambda symbol to distinguish them from other Silencer units from other bases. Within a team, they are distinguished by both colors of their external armor.
The Squad standard issue suit fits both male and female soldiers.

From the auhor:

This is actually an alternate skin to my first model, Silencer. The mesh is exactly the same. I created the skin for those players who might prefer straight team coloring schemes to the camouflage texture in Silencer (though I think the como is cooler :)).
I added a little more detail to the skin base so it looked better without the added complexity of the camouflage pattern. I didn't add a chrome texture to the goggles because the effect was barely noticeable and it's more compact this way. 
This model works great for teamplay situations, and makes a great replacement for any models you don't like to see when playing (helloooo skeleton!). That's not to say it's not just plain cool in regular deathmatch too :)
Feel free to email me to let me know how you like this model.

Thanks:

- Valve Software for making the best FPS game ever.

- Spider from Wavelength for his FAQs which served me as a solid guide, as well as the email he sent me when I needed help.

- Radium for the most kickass Half Life map review site in existence.

- Deadfrog from Deadsoft for the cool little 3DStudio tip regarding vertex link locking.

- The people at the Radium forums who are cool, you know who you are :)

** IMPORTANT **

This model should NOT be distributed in any kind of commercial compilation, product or package without my personal approval. Contact me first.
This model CAN otherwise be distributed freely as long as this text file is included, unmodified, with the package.
And PLEASE don't extract the skin and draw a mustache on it and release it to the world as yours, don't be lame.

  - NSi
